DataMapper JSON support
Source1 : Account JSON
JSON source has to be a parameter
Source2 : Cart JSON
Source3 : OrderSequence
DataMapper
Create ShipOrder JSON out of them
Create Account parameter
Attach JSON schema for Account
Create Cart parameter
Attach JSON schema for Cart
Create OrderSequence parameter
Attach ShipOrder JSON schema to target Body
Create simple mappings by drag and drop
Account JSON is internally transformed to XML
and stored as $Account-x
Multiple values are placed separated with comma
Click pencil icon and
open XPath Editor
Apply a function by drag and drop
Layer icon indicates collection field
Create for-each mapping for collection field
Map source collection field to iterate over
Create subsequent mappings
ShipOrder mappings completed